 Hey there, how can I help you? Good day to you. I'm here to talk to you. Would you mind? I didn't get that. Sorry. Try again. Would you mind asking me some questions? I still didn't get that. Sorry. Could you rephrase? Good day to you. I'm here to talk to you. Can you ask me? Still couldn't get that. Let's start over. I'd say request options. Hey there, how can I help you? Request options. Still couldn't get that. Let's start over. Request. Hey there. How can I help you? Oh, and there are my options. Just something like that. What are my options? I would be happy to talk with you about resumes or interviews. Do any of those topics interest you? Yes, they do. I would like to talk about resumes. All right, tell me a bit about yourself. For example, what is the highest level of education you have? Well, I graduated from from a high school. And I'm currently attaining a university. I didn't get that. Sorry. Try again. I graduated from a high school a couple years ago. And I'm currently a member of a university. I still didn't get that. Sorry. Could you rephrase? I could say I began to batten or serve masters or... High school degree. I didn't hear anything. I have a high school degree. Still couldn't get that. Let's start over. Tell me a bit about yourself. For example, what is the highest level of education you have? Bachelor. How many positions have you held? I have held zero positions. I didn't get that. Sorry. Try again. I have held two positions. I still didn't get that. Sorry. Could you rephrase? I... I haven't worked all together so far. You can't say just the numbers. Two. How many years of experience do you have in your field? Four. I have four years of experience in my field. So you have a bachelor's degree, have worked in two roles, and have four years of working experience. What are your concerns when it comes to writing a CV? Safety standards are very important to me. Interesting. What kind of advice about writing a CV were you looking for? I was looking for advice on... I didn't get that. Sorry. I was looking on not how to not create a fire hazard while creating a CD on the Internet. All right. Tell me a bit about yourself. For example, what is the highest level of education you have? I have a master's degree in science and engineering. So you have a master's degree, have worked in two roles, and have four years of working experience. What are your concerns when it comes to writing a CV? I didn't hear anything. You know one of this at the interview, please. I have no concerns when it comes to writing a CD. Interesting. What kind of advice about writing a CV were you looking for? The best for options here. What are my options? I didn't get that. Sorry. Try again. What are my options? I can give you advice on CV structure, contents, how to write the first CV and what personal interest to add to a CV. What kind of advice about writing a CV were you looking for? The first one. I still didn't get that. Sorry. Could you rephrase? Can you tell me how to write a CV? A well-crafted CV should at least contain the following key seconds. One, your contact information. Two, information about your education and degrees. Three, your work experience. Four, your technical skills and your soft skills. Five, your projects, achievements and awards. You can also add some personal interests if you'd like. Do you want more advice on this topic? Yes, please. Give me more advice on this topic. What kind of advice about writing a CV were you looking for? I didn't hear anything. Rick, what are my options? I can give you advice on CV structure, contents, how to write the first CV and what personal interest to add to a CV. What kind of advice about writing a CV were you looking for? What personal interest should I add to my CV? I didn't get that. Sorry. Try again. What personal interest should I add to my CV? I still didn't get that. Sorry. Could you rephrase? It's interrupting your life very, very late. Try saying it out. Can you speak up, please? Can you give me advice on the content of my CV? Let's start over. What kind of advice about writing a CV were you looking for? Can you give me general advice to my CV? I can give you advice on CV structure, contents, how to write the first CV and what personal interest to add to a CV. What kind of advice about writing a CV were you looking for? I don't want any more advice. Still didn't hear anything. Let's start over. I don't want any more advice to my CV. Pardon? I no longer need advice about CVs. I don't want any more advice to my CVs. Pardon? I see. All right. Tell me a bit about yourself. For example, what is the highest level of education you have? I don't really know the interaction on this side. I don't know why I was doing this. Okay. I think we should. I didn't get that. I have no higher degree of education. I still didn't get that. Sorry. Could you rephrase? I graduated top of my class as a Navy SEAL. Still couldn't get that. Let's start over. Tell me a bit about yourself. For example, what is the highest level of education you have? High school degree. It doesn't understand that. Still couldn't get that. Let's start over. Tell me a bit about yourself. For example, what is the highest level of education you have? It's just like Bachelor of Seve. Bachelor degree. So you have a Bachelor degree have worked in two roles and have four years of working experience. What are your concerns when it comes to writing a CV? I didn't hear any of that. I want my CV to be as interesting as possible. Interesting. What kind of advice about writing a CV where you're looking for? My advice on... I didn't get that. Sorry. Try again. I was looking on structure advice on how to write my CV. Alright. Tell me a bit about yourself. For example, what is the highest level of education you have? I feel like we're moving in circles. It's moving in circles. I don't want to talk about this anymore. I didn't hear anything. I don't want to talk about this anymore. I didn't get that. Sorry. I don't want to talk about this anymore. I am done. I still didn't get that. Sorry. Could you rephrase? Should I just restart the skill? I am done talking. I'm trying to see if there is anything. Still couldn't get that. Let's start over. Tell me a bit about yourself. For example, what is the highest level of education? I think it's in like five minutes. Just go to the other. Yeah. I trust my side to be... I have a master degree. I trust my side to be very solid in the sense of... Oh, I'll give you this option then. I haven't seen an idea before. I have something that's a change here. You can ask for options on the first question. But just jump to the interview. You could ask about... Interview or you could ask about the CV? Ask about this interview because otherwise this happens. And I don't know. Okay. Hey there. How can I help you? Hello. Can you tell me more about interviews? All right. What sort of advice around interview is where you're looking for? I can advise you on the following topics. Preparation, interview questions, and technical skills. Which one sounds interesting to you? I was helping you to tell me more about preparation. What do you think you would look at before? Before it. Before an interview. Oh. I didn't hear anything. I still didn't hear you. Could you speak up please? I don't understand the question. I don't understand the question. Oh, I see. Before the interview. You should take some time to rehearse and think about what is necessary for the position you are interviewing for. Be able to relate relevant information on your CV. As you will likely be discussing it with the interviewer. I hope I was of some help regarding how to prepare. Anything else you want to ask about interviews? Yes. Can you please list me my options regarding interviews? Pardon? Can you tell me more about interviews? I see. We can go over interview preparation. The interview questions and the technical test. Anything else you want to ask about interviews? Can you tell me more about the structure of my interview? I didn't get that. Sorry. Try again. Can you tell me more about how to structure my interview? I still didn't get that. Sorry. Could you rephrase? Structure is all down to me. I didn't hear anything. Can you tell me more about the interview questions and the technical test? How important is it to anticipate your questions? It is very important to anticipate questions from the interview. How important is it to anticipate your questions? It is very important to anticipate questions from the interview. It is very important to anticipate questions from the interview. It is not hearing you. Preparing for the questions of the interview is something one must prepare for. Oh, I see. You can relax a bit there. Since the interviewer will probably lead the conversation. Still, you should keep in mind that it is a good idea to show interest by asking you to talk to the interviewer. I'm not hearing you. Preparing for the questions of the interviewer is something one must prepare for. It is a good idea to show interest by asking questions more related to the positional company. I hope I was of some help regarding how to prepare and interview questions. Anything else you want to ask about interviews? I didn't hear anything. Can you tell me more about what an interview is? All right. Anything else you want to ask about interviews? No. Thank you. Okay. I hope you found it useful. Would you like to talk about anything else? Yes. No. Thank you. Thank you for the conversation.